Morning Season 1
It needs to be used with the second season.
Miraculous effect
Season 2
Where is it?
The second season of the morning is to eat
Set a certain proportion of yellow worms for food
And then you dry the yellow worms on the barbecue.
It tastes like ordinary flying shrimp
Can be used as food
This can give the people a good exchange
The common people are willing to catch yellow worms and sell the yellow worms they catch
The money from the sale can make up for the beginning.
Why not do it?
Eat brass, Your Majesty, it is absolutely impossible to send this.
Is it a time of disaster for the people?
Why haven't I eaten yellow worms?
But widely read
This light is poisonous and can't be eaten.
Lamb, you don't go the usual way
I'm also amazed by some ways
On poison shit alone
You can't compare to me with 100 books
What Cui Zhuangyuan said is fleeting
Lao Chen used to be the governor of Qinzhou
A huge yellow disaster broke out in the local area
Lao Chen saw it with his own eyes
The people who eat yellow worms will not die
But the body is uncomfortable to varying degrees
This is the time for shouting
Your Majesty Luoyang Rescue Pet Village Chief
Make a conquest
Otherwise, the consequences of this baby will be too serious.
school
I mean it.
What Lao Tzu said is true
Your Majesty, this genius is God's punishment
Lord Gao said it best
But Huang Chong is poisonous
It doesn't work here.
Mr. Gao, I admit that you are talented
But this is absolutely impossible
Within a year
No yellow disaster ends in delusion
Mr. Cui, you are right
But you're not right.